Crust from Claire Saffitz' Flaky All-Butter Pie Dough in Dessert Person

Flaky All-Butter Pie Dough Ingredients (Double Recipe):
20 tbsp unsalted butter
400g (3 cups) all-purpose flour
26g (2 tbsp) sugar
1 1/2 tsp kosher salt

Flaky All-Butter Pie Dough:

Prepare a 2-cup liquid measure with ice water and refrigerate it while
you assemble the pie dough. Cut 10 tablespoons of the butter crosswise
into 1/8-inch thick slices (so you have lots of thin butter squares) and
refrigerate.

In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, and salt to combine.

Cut the remaining 10 tablespoons of butter into 1/2-inch cubes and toss
in the flour mixture to coat. Quickly and firmly use your fingertips to
smash the butter pieces into the flour, flattening them and working into
smaller bits until the largest pieces are no bigger than a pea. 

Remove the butter slices from the refrigerator, add them to the flour
mixture, toss to coat, then flatten between your thumbs and fingertips
into thin sheets, letting them break apart if that's what they want to do.
Once you've worked in all the butter, you should have a very coarse,
slightly yellowed mixture filled with some larger pieces of butter and some
very small bits.

Slowly drizzle 10 tablespoons (just over half a cup) of the ice water
(avoiding any ice) into the mixture, tossing constantly with a fork to
incorporate. Switch to your hands and toss the mixture several times until
shaggy pieces of dough form, then nead the mixture inside the bowl a few
times to bring it together (the dough will look very clumpy and dry, with
loose bits.)

Line the work surface with a sheet of plastic wrap, then transfer any large
clumps of dough to the plastic. Tossing again with a fork, drizzle more ice
water 1 teaspoon at a time into the bowl with the remaining flour mixture
until only a few dry spots remain, then knead with your hands to bring it
together into a dough. Transfer the last bits of dough to the plastic wrap.

Pat the dough into a 3/4-inch-thick square or rectangle. Wrap tightly in the
plastic, pressing out any air, and press down on the dough with the heel of
your hand to flatten it further and force it into the corners of the plastic.
Refrigerate for 2 hours. The pie dough is technically ready to use at this
point, but proceed with the next step, which will make it extra flaky.

Let the dough sit on the counter for 5 minutes to soften slightly. Unwrap it
and place on a lightly floured surface. Use a rolling pin to beat the dough
all across the surface to make it more pliable. Dust the top and underside
of the dough with more flour, then roll it out, dusting with more flour as
needed, into a rectangle that's about three times longer than it is wide and
between 1/4 and 1/2 inch thick.

Fold the dough in thirds like a letter, then wrap tightly in plastic.
Refrigerate the dough until it's relaxed, at least 30 minutes and up to 3
days. It's now ready to use.
